---
sidebar_position: 8
---
# Events, Logs & Dashboards

---

Haltdos Cloud solution provides real-time alerts for various types of incidents on your configured zone through Events. Events can be generated by different Apps. However, all events are grouped into events per zone.

#### Events Page

All events are listed on the Events Page. Filters are available to view events of a specific App/Zone/ Listener and Category. Each event is identified by a unique Event ID which can also be used for searching a specific event on the Events Page. All events are listed in decreasing chronological order.

#### Event Details

Depending upon the type of event, clicking on any Event shows details of the incident. For example, a WAF Attack Event will detail the request/response that got dropped along with details of the request and the reason for dropping the request.

Further to detailing the incident through Events, users can perform various actions. For example, virtual patching functionality is implemented through actions in Event Details. Virtual Patching is the ability to create custom WAF rules from the result of a security scan.

#### Event Types

| Type         | Description                                           | App  | Email | Actions                                                                   |
|--------------|-------------------------------------------------------|------|-------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Scan Result  | Details of security scan results                      | SCAN | Yes   | Create WAF Rule                                                           |
| WAF Attack   | Details of blocked HTTP request/response              | WAF  | No    | 1. Whitelist Rule
2. Deploy Rule to Staging
3. Deploy Rule to Production
 |
| Health Alert | Details of healthy and unhealthy upstream web servers | SLB  | No    | No                                                                        |

:::info
For receiving Email alerts for all events, please contact Haltdos Support.
:::

#### Logs

Haltdos Cloud also provides rich logs for various apps. The logs are available for downloading from the GUI or can be queried through APIs. Depending upon your subscription, these logs can be retained for up to 1.5 years for compliance. 

:::note
Regardless of the App, all logs strictly adhere to GDPR and Privacy Policy and do not contain any PII information.
:::

:::info
For fetching historical logs, please contact Haltdos Support
:::

#### Dashboards

Haltdos Cloud provides a rich set of built-in dashboards detailing real-time analytics on every activity on your web application. Dashboards are a means of showing analytical information about your web applications through Charts and Tables. These dashboards are grouped per App and show details of all the web applications configured under a Zone.

To view real-time analytics through dashboards, go to Stack -> App (WAF) -> Zone  -> Analytics. By default, today's statistics are displayed but the user can change the date range as per requirement.

Real-time analytics can be viewed using a filter i.e.

1. We can add Zone or Listener based filter. 

2. We can specify a date range to be viewed in real-time analytics.

3. Auto-refresh allows fetching analytics every minute.

:::info
For viewing historical analytics, please contact Haltdos Support
:::